hello and welcome youtube
extra today with a short intro video
and java based here in the background
the game board of the adrenaline xl
harmful series 13 14 and guess what
I have here for you right now
a fifties pack of the new ones
adrenalin cards what you left when
I ordered 20 of them
at a dealer on the other side
again fluctuations
and yes he would say I can do that
yes only as a little info again
I just wanted to tell you that I am
Here I have put 50 packs
namely a display because 178 I think
not in any case I will always
gradually ye now open
a great special so I would say I
in two parts 520 paxton no that will
there will not always be three such four
five six come at most once
ten but I do not think so myself
I think at most 5 then I show
you have some on the beach but went
First of all, that's one
then loud apex with the
industry interesting then again one
from ajax then messi and yaya touré that
there are still
Merck I think not at all
my 15 box not least
the vocals show offered three net
launched attacks
Unfortunately, there are not only these three
there namely order hummels and must
then I want to say that was for
an info video and you can mine
English starter pack necessarily times
Watch her from the adrenaline here
the way as a starter pack art with me
gold limited is in there and yes would
I'm glad if you have these videos
watch or my older video is
Just look at my channel then
I would say
until sometime when I'm here this
adrenalin kicks open or something
do something else for you
I would say that until the next one
Let's go and see the video subscribed
me and comments diligently or wants
I'll say it until next time
author a new packs trader